Improve static export documentation (#47251)
vercel/next.js: docs/advanced-features/static-html-export.md

Reviewer: Should the file name and page title be changed as well? Maybe "static HTML" -> "static asset"?

  </ul>
</details>

> Next.js can be used to generatic static applications, including using React in the browser without the need for a server.

Reviewer 2: I don't think "without the need for a server" is correct.

What would serve the html besides a server?

Author: That's good feedback, agreed on saying Node.js specifically. Thank you for the suggestion.

> Next.js can be used to generatic static applications, including using React in the browser without the need for a server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next.js can be used to generate static applications, including using React in the browser without the need for a Node.js server.
```

> The core of Next.js has been designed to enable starting as a static site (or Single-Page Application), if desired, and later upgrade to use powerful, dynamic features that require a server. For example, [Incremental Static Regeneration](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/incremental-static-regeneration.md), [Internationalized Routing](/docs/advanced-features/i18n-routing.md), [and more](#unsupported-features).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The core of Next.js has been designed to enable starting as a static site (or Single-Page Application), if desired, and later upgrade to use powerful, dynamic features that require server-side rendering. For example, [Incremental Static Regeneration](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/incremental-static-regeneration.md), [Internationalized Routing](/docs/advanced-features/i18n-routing.md), [and more](#unsupported-features).
```
